docs(design): add autoware design overview (#86)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/design/autoware-architecture/index.md

# Architecture Overview

> ## Introduction

Reviewer: [Nits] I think you can write this sentence here.

```suggestion
## Introduction

This page describes the architecture of Autoware.
```

Reviewer 2: As a general comment, I think that if a page has a title of X, then there is no need to have a sentence at the start like "This page describes X". It should be clear from the title and the section of the documentation you are in, as shown by the left sidebar.

Reviewer: > there is no need to have a sentence at the start like "This page describes X".

Exactly. I'd like to add a bit more additional information here to explain the scope and differences from other pages.

Author: fixed in 81d4bdcde01a5

# Architecture Overview

This page describes the architecture of Autoware.

## Introduction

The current Autoware is defined to be a layered architecture that clarifies each module's role and simplifies the interface between them. By doing so:

> - Autoware's internal processing becomes more transparent
> - Collaborative development is made easier because of the reduced interdependency between modules
> - Users can easily replace an existing module (e.g. localization) with their own software component by simply wrapping their software to fit in with Autoware's interface

Reviewer: [style] I guess we need period marks here. @LalithVipulananthan Am I right?
https://developers.google.com/style/lists

```suggestion
- Autoware's internal processing becomes more transparent.
- Collaborative development is made easier because of the reduced interdependency between modules.
- Users can easily replace an existing module (e.g. localization) with their own software component by simply wrapping their software to fit in with Autoware's interface.
```

Author: follow the google style

7dcfd1b

> Note that the initial focus of this architecture design was solely on driving capability, and so the following features were left as future work:

Reviewer 2: I think this is okay since it is an explanation of design decisions that were made in the past, and listing features that were left to be developed later on.

- Fail safe

> - HMI

Reviewer 2: I think this is the first time people will come across this term, so we should expand it rather than just have an acronym.

```suggestion
- Human Machine Interface
```

Author: Thank you. Addressed.

- Real-time processing
- Redundant system
- State monitoring system

> ## High-level Architecture Design

Reviewer: [style]

```suggestion
## High-level architecture design
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/86/commits/b9a3f80b26b99714f8b16cb16038677b970bc1ec

> ![Overview](image/AutowareArchitectureOverview.drawio.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Overview](image/autoware-architecture-overview.drawio.svg)
```

Author: done in [f2bda3a](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/86/commits/f2bda3aa760dbd6625e00c61e8a35884cfcd48e4)

> This architecture consists of the following six stacks. Each of these design pages contains a more detailed set of requirements and use cases specific to that stack:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Autoware's architecture consists of the following six stacks. Each linked page contains a more detailed set of requirements and use cases specific to that stack:
```

Author: Thank you. Addressed.

> - [Sensing Design](Sensing/index.md)
> - [Localization Design](Localization/index.md)
> - [Perception Design](Perception/index.md)
> - [Planning Design](Planning/index.md)
> - [Control Design](Control/index.md)
> - [VehicleInterface Design](Vehicle/index.md)
> - [Map Design](Map/index.md)

Reviewer: [style] Use sentence case, and lower case for directories.

```suggestion
- [Sensing design](sensing/index.md)
- [Localization design](localization/index.md)
- [Perception design](perception/index.md)
- [Planning design](planning/index.md)
- [Control design](control/index.md)
- [VehicleInterface design](vehicle/index.md)
- [Map design](map/index.md)
```

Author: upps...orz sorry

Author: done in [f2bda3a](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/86/commits/f2bda3aa760dbd6625e00c61e8a35884cfcd48e4)

> - [Map design](map/index.md)

Reviewer: Wait for https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/86/files#r869025336.

> - [VehicleInterface design](vehicle/index.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Vehicle Interface design](vehicle/index.md)
```

Reviewer 2: @TakaHoribe Just one last fix and then I think this PR is good to go!

Author: Thank you! Done!

(... How great if I could push just a `commit suggestion` button.)

Reviewer 3: @TakaHoribe didn't the button show up for you?

Author: The commit with suggestion button will cause CI failure.

Reviewer 2: If it's DCO that fails then if you add your sign-off (even if it's someone else's suggestion) it should pass.

Author: Oh really? I didn't know that sign-off works for a suggestion. I'll try it next time

Author: Thank you!

## Node Diagram

> The Autoware node diagram with the default configuration is described at the page: [node-diagram](node-diagram/index.md).

Reviewer: [Question] Are you planning to send another PR to add this diagram?
https://tier4.github.io/autoware-documentation/latest/design/node-diagram/

Author: Yes, right.

Author: After this PR is merged, I'll make other PRs for 

 - node-diagram
 - planning component design
 - control component design

Note that Autoware configurations are scalable / selectable and will vary depending on the environment and required use cases.

> 

Reviewer: Add a link to https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware.universe/main/ somewhere?

Author: Added. https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/86/commits/f5e07337b0f0406dace12d32d5bf4539b44f7673

> The Autoware node diagram with the default configuration is described at the page: [node-diagram](node-diagram/index.md). Detailed documents for each nodes are available in the [autoware.universe docs](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware.universe/main/).

Reviewer 2: Changed `autoware.universe` to `Autoware Universe` and reworded the first sentence slightly.

Does the node diagram already exist within the main Autoware documentation?

```suggestion
A diagram showing Autoware's nodes in the default configuration can be found on the [Node diagram](node-diagram/index.md) page. Detailed documents for each node are available in the [Autoware Universe docs](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware.universe/main/).
```

Author: Thank you. Addressed.
